chore(pod): remove classic theme - FE-3118 (#3234)
Sage/carbon: src/components/pod/pod.stories.mdx

import Button from '../button';

<Meta
  title="Pod"
  parameters={{ info: { disable: true }}}
/>

# Pod
Presents content grouped visually together. This can be text, or other components. A good example is a ‘tile’ showing contact information for an individual.

Configure Pod and Fieldset components to work together, or choose the pre-configured Show/Edit Pod component:

> The ShowEditPod component automatically presents content as a read-only Pod, until the user clicks an edit icon, which shows the same information in an editable Fieldset.
> 
> But, configuring Pod and Fieldset components manually will give you more customization options, like the following.

Reviewer: Starting a sentence with a conjunction like 'but' is usually discouraged in English, try 'however' instead.
```suggestion
The ShowEditPod component automatically presents content as a read-only Pod, until the user clicks an edit icon, which shows the same information in an editable Fieldset. However, configuring Pod and Fieldset components manually will give you more customisation options, like the following:
```

> The On Edit property shows a standard edit icon, which can be used to show a fieldset. You can choose whether this icon appears inside or outside the pod, and whether it appears only on hover. You can also choose whether clicking only the icon triggers the On Edit property, or clicking anywhere on the pod.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The onEdit property shows a standard edit icon, which can be used to show a fieldset. You can choose whether this icon appears inside or outside the pod, and whether it appears only on hover. You can also choose whether clicking only the icon triggers the onEdit property, or clicking anywhere on the pod.
```
